WIP: Policy driven training control (#45)
foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning: examples/trainer-controller-configs/Readme.md

> # How-To

Author: Addressed

To use one of these files with the trainer, execute the `sft_trainer.py` with the following option: 
```

> --training_control_config_file "examples/training-control-configs/<file-name>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--trainer_controller_config_file "examples/trainer-controller-configs/<file-name>"
```

```

> # Note on training control configuration examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note on trainer controller configuration examples
```

> - `trainercontroller_config_step_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a training controller which computes loss at every step and loss consistently increases for three steps, then the training is stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trainercontroller_config_step_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a trainer controller which computes loss at every step and if the loss consistently increases for three steps, then the training is stopped.
```

> - `trainercontroller_config_step.yaml`: Defines a trainer controller which computes loss at every step and loss consistently increases for three steps, then the training is stopped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `trainercontroller_config_step.yaml`: Defines a trainer controller, which computes loss at every step, and if the loss consistently increases for three steps, then the training is stopped.
```

> - `trainercontroller_config_epoch.yaml`: Defines a epoch level trainer controller which computes loss at every epoch. The rule applied here is to compare a current epoch loss with previous epoch loss and it turns out to be more, then training is stopped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `trainercontroller_config_epoch.yaml`: Defines an epoch-level trainer controller, which computes loss at every epoch. The rule applied here is to compare the current epoch loss with the previous epoch loss, and if the current epoch loss turns out to be more, then the training is stopped.
```

> - `trainercontroller_config_epoch_threshold_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a training controller similar to previous case, but also adds a threshold constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trainercontroller_config_epoch_threshold_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a trainer controller similar to previous case, but also adds a threshold constraint.
```

Author: done

> - `trainercontroller_config_evaluate_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a training controller which behaves similar to the `EarlyStoppingCallback` from hugging face which can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.37.2/src/transformers/trainer_callback.py#L543).

Reviewer: The file names don't seem to have 0.3, isn't it?

Author: done

> - `trainercontroller_config_evaluate_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a training controller which behaves similar to the `EarlyStoppingCallback` from hugging face which can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.37.2/src/transformers/trainer_callback.py#L543).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trainercontroller_config_evaluate_v0.3.yaml`: Defines a trainer controller which behaves similar to the `EarlyStoppingCallback` from hugging face which can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.37.2/src/transformers/trainer_callback.py#L543).
```

Author: done
